org/apache/cordova/inappbrowser/InAppBrowser.java
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$1
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$2
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$3
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$4
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$5
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$6
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$6$1
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$7
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$7$1
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$7$1JsObject
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$7$2
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$7$3
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$7$4
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$7$5
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowser$InAppBrowserClient
com/silkimen/cordovahttp/CordovaHttpResponse.java
 com.silkimen.cordovahttp.CordovaHttpResponse
io/sqlc/SQLiteConnectorDatabase.java
 io.sqlc.SQLiteConnectorDatabase
com/cenaform/mobile/BuildConfig.java
 com.cenaform.mobile.BuildConfig
org/apache/cordova/file/ContentFilesystem.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.ContentFilesystem
cordova/plugins/Diagnostic_Location.java
 cordova.plugins.Diagnostic_Location
 cordova.plugins.Diagnostic_Location$1
io/github/pwlin/cordova/plugins/fileopener2/FileOpener2.java
 io.github.pwlin.cordova.plugins.fileopener2.FileOpener2
com/moodle/moodlemobile/MainActivity.java
 com.moodle.moodlemobile.MainActivity
com/silkimen/cordovahttp/CordovaHttpOperation.java
 com.silkimen.cordovahttp.CordovaHttpOperation
org/apache/cordova/mediacapture/FileHelper.java
 org.apache.cordova.mediacapture.FileHelper
com/silkimen/http/TLSSocketFactory.java
 com.silkimen.http.TLSSocketFactory
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/notification/trigger/IntervalTrigger.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.trigger.IntervalTrigger
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.trigger.IntervalTrigger$1
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/notification/receiver/AbstractTriggerReceiver.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.receiver.AbstractTriggerReceiver
cordova/plugins/screenorientation/CDVOrientation.java
 cordova.plugins.screenorientation.CDVOrientation
org/apache/cordova/camera/GalleryPathVO.java
 org.apache.cordova.camera.GalleryPathVO
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/localnotification/LocalNotification.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.localnotification.LocalNotification
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.localnotification.LocalNotification$1
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.localnotification.LocalNotification$2
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.localnotification.LocalNotification$3
io/sqlc/SQLitePlugin.java
 io.sqlc.SQLitePlugin
 io.sqlc.SQLitePlugin$1
 io.sqlc.SQLitePlugin$Action
 io.sqlc.SQLitePlugin$DBQuery
 io.sqlc.SQLitePlugin$DBRunner
com/ionicframework/cordova/webview/IonicWebView.java
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.IonicWebView
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.IonicWebView$1
com/silkimen/http/HttpBodyDecoder.java
 com.silkimen.http.HttpBodyDecoder
org/apache/cordova/media/AudioHandler.java
 org.apache.cordova.media.AudioHandler
 org.apache.cordova.media.AudioHandler$1
org/apache/cordova/whitelist/WhitelistPlugin.java
 org.apache.cordova.whitelist.WhitelistPlugin
 org.apache.cordova.whitelist.WhitelistPlugin$1
 org.apache.cordova.whitelist.WhitelistPlugin$CustomConfigXmlParser
org/apache/cordova/geolocation/Geolocation.java
 org.apache.cordova.geolocation.Geolocation
org/apache/cordova/camera/FileProvider.java
 org.apache.cordova.camera.FileProvider
org/apache/cordova/file/TypeMismatchException.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.TypeMismatchException
org/apache/cordova/file/LocalFilesystemURL.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.LocalFilesystemURL
org/apache/cordova/file/DirectoryManager.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.DirectoryManager
com/verso/cordova/clipboard/Clipboard.java
 com.verso.cordova.clipboard.Clipboard
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/localnotification/RestoreReceiver.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.localnotification.RestoreReceiver
cordova/plugins/Diagnostic_External_Storage.java
 cordova.plugins.Diagnostic_External_Storage
org/apache/cordova/Zip.java
 org.apache.cordova.Zip
 org.apache.cordova.Zip$1
 org.apache.cordova.Zip$ProgressEvent
org/apache/cordova/mediacapture/Capture.java
 org.apache.cordova.mediacapture.Capture
 org.apache.cordova.mediacapture.Capture$1
com/adobe/phonegap/push/PushPlugin.java
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushPlugin
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushPlugin$1
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushPlugin$10
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushPlugin$11
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushPlugin$12
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushPlugin$2
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushPlugin$3
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushPlugin$4
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushPlugin$5
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushPlugin$6
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushPlugin$7
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushPlugin$8
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushPlugin$9
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/notification/Manager.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.Manager
com/ionicframework/cordova/webview/AndroidProtocolHandler.java
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.AndroidProtocolHandler
cordova/plugins/Diagnostic_Camera.java
 cordova.plugins.Diagnostic_Camera
com/darryncampbell/plugin/intent/IntentShim.java
 com.darryncampbell.cordova.plugin.intent.IntentShim
 com.darryncampbell.cordova.plugin.intent.IntentShim$1
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/badge/BadgeImpl.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.badge.BadgeImpl
org/apache/cordova/splashscreen/SplashScreen.java
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$1
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$2
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$3
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$4
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$4$1
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$5
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$5$1
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$6
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$6$1
 org.apache.cordova.splashscreen.SplashScreen$7
com/adobe/phonegap/push/PushHandlerActivity.java
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushHandlerActivity
cordova/plugins/Diagnostic.java
 cordova.plugins.Diagnostic
 cordova.plugins.Diagnostic$1
 cordova.plugins.Diagnostic$2
org/apache/cordova/inappbrowser/InAppChromeClient.java
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppChromeClient
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppChromeClient$1
org/apache/cordova/preventoverride/PreventOverride.java
 org.apache.cordova.preventoverride.PreventOverride
 org.apache.cordova.preventoverride.PreventOverride$1
nl/xservices/plugins/LaunchMyApp.java
 nl.xservices.plugins.LaunchMyApp
org/apache/cordova/filetransfer/FileUploadResult.java
 org.apache.cordova.filetransfer.FileUploadResult
org/apache/cordova/statusbar/StatusBar.java
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$1
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$2
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$3
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$4
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$5
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$6
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$7
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$8
 org.apache.cordova.statusbar.StatusBar$9
com/silkimen/http/HttpRequest.java
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$1
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$2
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$3
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$4
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$5
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$6
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$7
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$8
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$Base64
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$CloseOperation
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$ConnectionFactory
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$ConnectionFactory$1
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$FlushOperation
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$HttpRequestException
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$Operation
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$RequestOutputStream
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$UploadProgress
 com.silkimen.http.HttpRequest$UploadProgress$1
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/notification/Request.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.Request
org/apache/cordova/file/FileExistsException.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileExistsException
com/cyph/cordova/Chooser.java
 com.cyph.cordova.Chooser
com/silkimen/cordovahttp/CordovaClientAuth.java
 com.silkimen.cordovahttp.CordovaClientAuth
com/ionicframework/cordova/webview/UriMatcher.java
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.UriMatcher
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/localnotification/ClearReceiver.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.localnotification.ClearReceiver
org/apache/cordova/camera/FileHelper.java
 org.apache.cordova.camera.FileHelper
io/sqlc/SQLiteAndroidDatabase.java
 io.sqlc.SQLiteAndroidDatabase
 io.sqlc.SQLiteAndroidDatabase$QueryType
com/adobe/phonegap/push/PushConstants.java
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushConstants
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/notification/Notification.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.Notification
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.Notification$Type
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/notification/action/Action.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.action.Action
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/notification/util/AssetUtil.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.util.AssetUtil
cordova/plugins/Diagnostic_NFC.java
 cordova.plugins.Diagnostic_NFC
 cordova.plugins.Diagnostic_NFC$1
org/apache/cordova/globalization/Globalization.java
 org.apache.cordova.globalization.Globalization
 org.apache.cordova.globalization.Globalization$1
com/silkimen/cordovahttp/CordovaServerTrust.java
 com.silkimen.cordovahttp.CordovaServerTrust
 com.silkimen.cordovahttp.CordovaServerTrust$1
 com.silkimen.cordovahttp.CordovaServerTrust$2
org/apache/cordova/device/Device.java
 org.apache.cordova.device.Device
org/apache/cordova/file/InvalidModificationException.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.InvalidModificationException
org/apache/cordova/camera/ExifHelper.java
 org.apache.cordova.camera.ExifHelper
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/notification/action/ActionGroup.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.action.ActionGroup
org/apache/cordova/globalization/GlobalizationError.java
 org.apache.cordova.globalization.GlobalizationError
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/notification/receiver/AbstractClickReceiver.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.receiver.AbstractClickReceiver
org/apache/cordova/file/FileUtils.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$1
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$10
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$11
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$12
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$13
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$14
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$15
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$16
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$17
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$18
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$19
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$2
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$20
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$21
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$22
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$23
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$24
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$25
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$26
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$27
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$28
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$29
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$3
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$4
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$5
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$6
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$7
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$8
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$9
 org.apache.cordova.file.FileUtils$FileOp
com/adobe/phonegap/push/PushInstanceIDListenerService.java
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushInstanceIDListenerService
org/apache/cordova/media/FileHelper.java
 org.apache.cordova.media.FileHelper
io/github/pwlin/cordova/plugins/fileopener2/FileProvider.java
 io.github.pwlin.cordova.plugins.fileopener2.FileProvider
org/apache/cordova/media/AudioPlayer.java
 org.apache.cordova.media.AudioPlayer
 org.apache.cordova.media.AudioPlayer$1
 org.apache.cordova.media.AudioPlayer$MODE
 org.apache.cordova.media.AudioPlayer$STATE
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/notification/trigger/DateTrigger.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.trigger.DateTrigger
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.trigger.DateTrigger$Unit
org/apache/cordova/mediacapture/PendingRequests.java
 org.apache.cordova.mediacapture.PendingRequests
 org.apache.cordova.mediacapture.PendingRequests$1
 org.apache.cordova.mediacapture.PendingRequests$Request
com/ionicframework/cordova/webview/IonicWebViewEngine.java
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.IonicWebViewEngine
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.IonicWebViewEngine$1
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.IonicWebViewEngine$ServerClient
com/silkimen/cordovahttp/CordovaHttpBase.java
 com.silkimen.cordovahttp.CordovaHttpBase
com/adobe/phonegap/push/FCMService.java
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.FCMService
com/bitpay/cordova/qrscanner/QRScanner.java
 com.bitpay.cordova.qrscanner.QRScanner
 com.bitpay.cordova.qrscanner.QRScanner$1
 com.bitpay.cordova.qrscanner.QRScanner$10
 com.bitpay.cordova.qrscanner.QRScanner$11
 com.bitpay.cordova.qrscanner.QRScanner$11$1
 com.bitpay.cordova.qrscanner.QRScanner$12
 com.bitpay.cordova.qrscanner.QRScanner$13
 com.bitpay.cordova.qrscanner.QRScanner$14
 com.bitpay.cordova.qrscanner.QRScanner$15
 com.bitpay.cordova.qrscanner.QRScanner$16
 com.bitpay.cordova.qrscanner.QRScanner$17
 com.bitpay.cordova.qrscanner.QRScanner$18
 com.bitpay.cordova.qrscanner.QRScanner$19
 com.bitpay.cordova.qrscanner.QRScanner$2
 com.bitpay.cordova.qrscanner.QRScanner$20
 com.bitpay.cordova.qrscanner.QRScanner$21
 com.bitpay.cordova.qrscanner.QRScanner$22
 com.bitpay.cordova.qrscanner.QRScanner$23
 com.bitpay.cordova.qrscanner.QRScanner$24
 com.bitpay.cordova.qrscanner.QRScanner$25
 com.bitpay.cordova.qrscanner.QRScanner$26
 com.bitpay.cordova.qrscanner.QRScanner$27
 com.bitpay.cordova.qrscanner.QRScanner$28
 com.bitpay.cordova.qrscanner.QRScanner$3
 com.bitpay.cordova.qrscanner.QRScanner$4
 com.bitpay.cordova.qrscanner.QRScanner$5
 com.bitpay.cordova.qrscanner.QRScanner$6
 com.bitpay.cordova.qrscanner.QRScanner$7
 com.bitpay.cordova.qrscanner.QRScanner$8
 com.bitpay.cordova.qrscanner.QRScanner$9
 com.bitpay.cordova.qrscanner.QRScanner$QRScannerError
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/notification/Builder.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.Builder
org/apache/cordova/file/Filesystem.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.Filesystem
 org.apache.cordova.file.Filesystem$LimitedInputStream
 org.apache.cordova.file.Filesystem$ReadFileCallback
com/silkimen/cordovahttp/CordovaHttpUpload.java
 com.silkimen.cordovahttp.CordovaHttpUpload
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/notification/trigger/MatchTrigger.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.trigger.MatchTrigger
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.trigger.MatchTrigger$1
com/darryncampbell/plugin/intent/CordovaPluginIntentFileProvider.java
 com.darryncampbell.cordova.plugin.intent.CordovaPluginIntentFileProvider
com/adobe/phonegap/push/BackgroundActionButtonHandler.java
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.BackgroundActionButtonHandler
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/badge/Badge.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.badge.Badge
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.badge.Badge$1
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.badge.Badge$2
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.badge.Badge$3
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.badge.Badge$4
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.badge.Badge$5
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.badge.Badge$6
org/apache/cordova/file/LocalFilesystem.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.LocalFilesystem
org/apache/cordova/filetransfer/FileTransfer.java
 org.apache.cordova.filetransfer.FileTransfer
 org.apache.cordova.filetransfer.FileTransfer$1
 org.apache.cordova.filetransfer.FileTransfer$2
 org.apache.cordova.filetransfer.FileTransfer$3
 org.apache.cordova.filetransfer.FileTransfer$ExposedGZIPInputStream
 org.apache.cordova.filetransfer.FileTransfer$RequestContext
 org.apache.cordova.filetransfer.FileTransfer$SimpleTrackingInputStream
 org.apache.cordova.filetransfer.FileTransfer$TrackingGZIPInputStream
 org.apache.cordova.filetransfer.FileTransfer$TrackingInputStream
com/ionicframework/cordova/webview/WebViewLocalServer.java
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.WebViewLocalServer
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.WebViewLocalServer$1
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.WebViewLocalServer$2
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.WebViewLocalServer$AssetHostingDetails
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.WebViewLocalServer$LazyInputStream
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.WebViewLocalServer$LollipopLazyInputStream
 com.ionicframework.cordova.webview.WebViewLocalServer$PathHandler
org/apache/cordova/filetransfer/FileProgressResult.java
 org.apache.cordova.filetransfer.FileProgressResult
io/ionic/keyboard/CDVIonicKeyboard.java
 io.ionic.keyboard.CDVIonicKeyboard
 io.ionic.keyboard.CDVIonicKeyboard$1
 io.ionic.keyboard.CDVIonicKeyboard$2
 io.ionic.keyboard.CDVIonicKeyboard$3
 io.ionic.keyboard.CDVIonicKeyboard$3$1
org/apache/cordova/networkinformation/NetworkManager.java
 org.apache.cordova.networkinformation.NetworkManager
 org.apache.cordova.networkinformation.NetworkManager$1
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/notification/receiver/AbstractClearReceiver.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.receiver.AbstractClearReceiver
org/apache/cordova/file/NoModificationAllowedException.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.NoModificationAllowedException
com/silkimen/http/KeyChainKeyManager.java
 com.silkimen.http.KeyChainKeyManager
cordova/plugins/Diagnostic_Wifi.java
 cordova.plugins.Diagnostic_Wifi
com/silkimen/http/TLSConfiguration.java
 com.silkimen.http.TLSConfiguration
com/silkimen/cordovahttp/CordovaObservableCallbackContext.java
 com.silkimen.cordovahttp.CordovaObservableCallbackContext
org/apache/cordova/file/PendingRequests.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.PendingRequests
 org.apache.cordova.file.PendingRequests$1
 org.apache.cordova.file.PendingRequests$Request
org/apache/cordova/file/EncodingException.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.EncodingException
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/notification/receiver/AbstractRestoreReceiver.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.receiver.AbstractRestoreReceiver
org/apache/cordova/file/AssetFilesystem.java
 org.apache.cordova.file.AssetFilesystem
com/silkimen/cordovahttp/CordovaHttpPlugin.java
 com.silkimen.cordovahttp.CordovaHttpPlugin
com/silkimen/cordovahttp/CordovaHttpDownload.java
 com.silkimen.cordovahttp.CordovaHttpDownload
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/localnotification/TriggerReceiver.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.localnotification.TriggerReceiver
org/apache/cordova/camera/CameraLauncher.java
 org.apache.cordova.camera.CameraLauncher
 org.apache.cordova.camera.CameraLauncher$1
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/notification/Options.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.Options
cordova/plugins/Diagnostic_Bluetooth.java
 cordova.plugins.Diagnostic_Bluetooth
 cordova.plugins.Diagnostic_Bluetooth$1
com/adobe/phonegap/push/PushDismissedHandler.java
 com.adobe.phonegap.push.PushDismissedHandler
com/silkimen/http/JsonUtils.java
 com.silkimen.http.JsonUtils
cordova/plugins/Diagnostic_Notifications.java
 cordova.plugins.Diagnostic_Notifications
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/localnotification/ClickReceiver.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.localnotification.ClickReceiver
org/apache/cordova/inappbrowser/InAppBrowserDialog.java
 org.apache.cordova.inappbrowser.InAppBrowserDialog
de/appplant/cordova/plugin/notification/util/AssetProvider.java
 de.appplant.cordova.plugin.notification.util.AssetProvider
com/cenaform/mobile/MainActivity.java
 com.cenaform.mobile.MainActivity
